Specification.md, before:

# <u> Use Case description <u>

Date: September 14,2021

Product name:Study Helper

Problem Statement:To help students who are not able to study effectively

Non-functional Requirements:able to support English and Spanish, support Windows, Mac OS and Android systems; dark mode and light mode

Use Case Name:
\##Summary

\##Actors: students

\##Preconditions: students log in 

\##Triggers: students start inputting their information regarding their schedule, time slots allocated for each tasks and important concepts to remember 

\##Primary Sequence
   1. prompt the user to enter schedule, time slots for these particular tasks
   2. prompt the user to write the important concepts and allow them to write the important     answers behind the card with ability to flip the card
\##Primary Postconditions
\## Alternate Sequences
\##Alternate Trigger

\###Alternate Postconditions
<<<<<<< HEAD
Use Case Name:Find text in fils
\## having a search a bar that allows user to input a word or series of alphabets to allow user to go straight to that specific note for review

Use Case Name:Quickly rename files using regular expressions
showing a menu and have the files settings button to change the name of the file using regular expression if the user want to change it later on

Use Case Name:Track hours worked per day
\##showing a track record of the hours worked once the "START" button is clicked and the timer should be counting therefore accumulating number of hours each day

Use Case Name: Visualize hours worked and projects
\##showing time blocks in the calendar form which the user will in month-by-month basis which will show the hours worked and project title named in that day of the month.
\##
=======


Use Case Name: input a Markdown file and output Flashcards 
Flashcards is powerful tool to provide efficient memorizing for all updates and information need to be memorized and fast way to take notes, create 
content and produce PDF to print.

Use Case Name: Share PDF cards add to their accounts
Make printable flashcards as PDF file, create online flashcards, share a link or send to accounts digitally to refer when need it.

Use Case Name: Render Markdown notes 
Share markdown notes by creating GitHub repository, push the notes (file.md) to GitHub.

>>>>>>> b9494a63afdb16d33e85928d8e337ee61c6ac090

Commit message:

trying to resolve error messages in the .md file

Specification.md, after:

# <u> Use Case description <u>

Date: September 14,2021

Product name:Study Helper

Problem Statement:To help students who are not able to study effectively

Non-functional Requirements:able to support English and Spanish, support Windows, Mac OS and Android systems; dark mode and light mode

Use Case Name:
\##Summary

\##Actors: students

\##Preconditions: students log in 

\##Triggers: students start inputting their information regarding their schedule, time slots allocated for each tasks and important concepts to remember 

\##Primary Sequence
   1. prompt the user to enter schedule, time slots for these particular tasks
   2. prompt the user to write the important concepts and allow them to write the important     answers behind the card with ability to flip the card
\##Primary Postconditions
\## Alternate Sequences
\##Alternate Trigger

\###Alternate Postconditions



Use Case Name: input a Markdown file and output Flashcards 
Flashcards is powerful tool to provide efficient memorizing for all updates and information need to be memorized and fast way to take notes, create 
content and produce PDF to print.

Use Case Name: Share PDF cards add to their accounts
Make printable flashcards as PDF file, create online flashcards, share a link or send to accounts digitally to refer when need it.

Use Case Name: Render Markdown notes 
Share markdown notes by creating GitHub repository, push the notes (file.md) to GitHub.

Use Case Name:Find text in fils
\## having a search a bar that allows user to input a word or series of alphabets to allow user to go straight to that specific note for review

Use Case Name:Quickly rename files using regular expressions
showing a menu and have the files settings button to change the name of the file using regular expression if the user want to change it later on

Use Case Name:Track hours worked per day
\##showing a track record of the hours worked once the "START" button is clicked and the timer should be counting therefore accumulating number of hours each day

Use Case Name: Visualize hours worked and projects
\##showing time blocks in the calendar form which the user will in month-by-month basis which will show the hours worked and project title named in that day of the month.
\##
